== Basketball news viewer

This application loads a list of leagues and teams from ESPN and then allows a user to
view the news for each team.

== Setup

Apart from the usual 'bundle install' you need to make a copy of config/espn.yml.example
and fill in a valid apikey.

To run the cucumber specs you need to install phantomjs. A good guide for this is available
at https://github.com/jonleighton/poltergeist/blob/master/README.md

== Tests

This application has cucumber features to do full stack testing and rspec specs to test
the rails models and controllers. Webmock is used to stub all communication with EPSN during
testing so no network connection should be required.


== Design overview

The communication between the rails application and ESPN is abstracted through a mixin called
ESPNModel (lib/espn_model). This makes the models very simple by providing a simple DSL to
specify the attributes and give hints as to the ESPN API URL structure and the selectors to
extract data from the resulting JSON. The controllers simply use these models to load data
from ESPN and render the results as JSON.

The javascript has simple models fashioned after the rails models. For the most part, these
simply store attributes and are used by View objects to populate mustache templates. The
communication between the JS application and the rails API is handled by two 'loader' classes
found under app/assets/javascripts. Finally, two JS controllers are used to handle clicks and
to take action once the data loads.
